README.md, before:

# Sensu check for new incidents in Trello

Translate the presence of one or more Trello cards into actionable Sensu alerts to enable using Trello for triggering incident response.

Checks for cards in a trello list. If cards are present, the check returns
_CRITICAL_, containing name and date of last activity of card. When more than
one card is present, all card names and dates are returned with *;* delimiter.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'sensu-plugins-trello'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install sensu-plugins-trello

## CONFIGURATION
Configuration of API key and API token should be done through the sensu
settings file located in _/etc/sensu/conf.d/_. 
      
_api_key_ and _api_token_ can be obtained from
[Trello](https://trello.com/app-key). _list_ can be obtained by adding _.json_
to a card in the browser in the list that should be monitored and search for
_idList_ in the JSON-output. Note that in a production environment, _api_key_
and _api_token_ should be specified in the Sensu settings rather than through
CLI parameters.

## USAGE
Check if a specific trello list is empty or contains cards

### Required parameters

| Parameter | Description                         |
| --------- | ----------------------------------- |
| -l LIST   | id of the Trello list to be checked |
| -k KEY    | Trello API key                      |
| -t TOKEN  | Trello API token                    |

### Optional parameters

| Parameter          | Description                       |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------- |
| -h HOST            | Trello API host                   |
| -p PORT            | Trello API port                   |
| --timeout TIMEOUT  | Trello request timeout in seconds |

### Example:
```
 ./bin/check-trello-incidents.rb -k 123456789012 -t 1234567890121234567890 -l 1234567890
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can
also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to
experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To
release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run
`bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push
git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to
[rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at
https://github.com/aboutsource/sensu-plugins-trello.


## Security

* [Snyk](https://app.snyk.io/org/about-source/project/45653e6f-9c0f-413e-9024-501916e4492f)

Commit message:

README.md: Update trello api key and token instructions

README.md, after:

# Sensu check for new incidents in Trello

Translate the presence of one or more Trello cards into actionable Sensu alerts to enable using Trello for triggering incident response.

Checks for cards in a trello list. If cards are present, the check returns
_CRITICAL_, containing name and date of last activity of card. When more than
one card is present, all card names and dates are returned with *;* delimiter.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'sensu-plugins-trello'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install sensu-plugins-trello

## CONFIGURATION
Configuration of API key and API token should be done through the sensu
settings file located in _/etc/sensu/conf.d/_. 

_api_key_ can be obtained directly from the following link:

https://trello.com/app-key

_api_token_ can be obtained by visiting the following link (replace $API_KEY with the obtained _api_key_):

https://trello.com/1/authorize?expiration=never&scope=read&response_type=token&name=sensu-plugins-trello&key=$API_KEY

_list_ can be obtained by adding _.json_
to a card in the browser in the list that should be monitored and search for
_idList_ in the JSON-output. Note that in a production environment, _api_key_
and _api_token_ should be specified in the Sensu settings rather than through
CLI parameters.

## USAGE
Check if a specific trello list is empty or contains cards

### Required parameters

| Parameter | Description                         |
| --------- | ----------------------------------- |
| -l LIST   | id of the Trello list to be checked |
| -k KEY    | Trello API key                      |
| -t TOKEN  | Trello API token                    |

### Optional parameters

| Parameter          | Description                       |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------- |
| -h HOST            | Trello API host                   |
| -p PORT            | Trello API port                   |
| --timeout TIMEOUT  | Trello request timeout in seconds |

### Example:
```
 ./bin/check-trello-incidents.rb -k 123456789012 -t 1234567890121234567890 -l 1234567890
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can
also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to
experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To
release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run
`bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push
git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to
[rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at
https://github.com/aboutsource/sensu-plugins-trello.


## Security

* [Snyk](https://app.snyk.io/org/about-source/project/45653e6f-9c0f-413e-9024-501916e4492f)
